>> Marcy Sutton: A little hack,
just something that I use quite often,
especially if I'm testing a web page
that I don't have control over.
Maybe the source code is all bundled and
it's obfuscated and I don't even know
how to begin debugging this web page.
And I can't figure out
where focus is going.
This event listener, it's document
dot body dot add event listener,
and it's a focusin listener.
And I can pass it a callback function
to get a hold of the document dot
active element property.
And document dot element will tell you
which element in the browser is focused.
And this is super helpful because I can
just copy, open up the devTools console.
I can hit paste.
It says undefined but
it's in the background there.
So now, well, I clicked and
it told me I'm focused on the wrapper
element of this application.
And if I hit Tab,
it will log to the console every
element that has been focused.
And sometimes, that's really helpful,
because if you can't see the element or
maybe there's an extra tab stop in there,
and you're trying to figure out, okay,
where am I right now?
That tool is a hack that, now that I
have used it a few times, I just hit
document dot body and hit Tab and console,
and my browser will just autocomplete.
So a lot of times, once you've run it
a couple of times, your browser will just
remember it if you start typing, so you
don't need to always remember yourself.
So that's a handy hack no
matter what type of website or
web application you're using.
>> Marcy Sutton: And if you're in Safari,
which is a really important browser to
test on the Mac platform, especially with
voiceover, cuz it works better together.
There is this setting in the Safari
preferences that you have to enable this
Press Tab to highlight
each item on a webpage.
It's kind of a silly setting that I don't
understand [LAUGH] why it's like that but
this question comes up often enough,
that if you are just getting
started with Safari,
you will want to go and check that,
to make sure that you can reach everything
that's supposed to be reachable.